The sound of the engine
The feel of the tires
Your hands on a wheel and the smell from the fires
Streetlights and headlights on a road that goes nowhere
She left you, she left you but you know she's still out there
And somehow it always seems like you are waiting for something

And somewhere they're dancing the night away madly
And their sweat fills their eyes as they clutching so sadly
So you struggled for words you could never find somehow
But it's nowhere to hide 'cause the secret's out now

Out now
Out now

It's out now
Out now

Somehow it always seems like you could wake up from a dream
She never knew you
She only knew what she heard
So just once you'd pull her close
And you'd whisper the words

But you hated yourself
For the things that you gave her
But you stole with your mind
And you heart was impure
So you think you'll forget
All these nights like a sickness
And there's nothing for miles
Everywhere in the darkness

But somewhere they're dancing the night away madly
And the tears fill your eyes as you clutching her sadly
And you're searching yourself
But could not find an answer
Now the feeling grows inside of you like a cancer
And roar the engine on a road that's just endless
And her ghost is with you everywhere in the darkness
You struggled for words you could never say somehow
But it's nowhere to run 'cause the secret's out now

Out now
Out now

It's out now
Out now

As she disappeared alone in the darkness,
I felt her spirit stay in the room.
And I wished that our lives were just endless
'Cause it's all too short, and I'm leaving soon.

I want to hold on to all of the people I lost,
I want to keep them with me.
We will never part.

We are, we are,
We are timeless, timeless.
Everything we have, we have,
Everything oh my god.
You are, you are,
The only thing that makes me feel like,
I can live forever, forever.
With you, my love.

I see her, they run through the tall grass
Such thoughtless minds, I wish I was thoughtless too
What is this hole in my heart, that I cannot abide
I just want you to stay with me tonight.

We are, we are
We are timeless, timeless
Everything we have, we have,
Everything oh my god.
You are, you are,
The only thing that makes me feel like,
I can live forever, forever
With you

Just help me through this moment
After everything I told you
How the weight of their loss is like the weight of the sun.
I see their faces near me,
I hear their voices callin,
It's like their lives were over before they begun.

Oh ooh oh

We are, we are
We are timeless, timeless
Everything we have, we have
Everything oh my god
You are, you are
The only thing that makes me feel like
I can live forever, forever
With you.

We are, we are
We are timeless, timeless
Everything we have, we have
Everything oh my god
You are, you are
The only thing that makes me feel like
I can live forever, forever
With you, my love

Oh ooh
With you, my love

There was nothing you could do but turn away
They told the fathers to hide all the girls away
It's just a name, a name, a name, a name, what's in a name?

And you were sleeping by the time I found you there
I said, "It's a shame we gotta cut off all that hair..."

But it's alright, I just hope it's nothing bad
You can call me if you're sad, I don't care what your father said

We were running through the halls of the middle school
Writing our names on the side of the public pool
Like two ghosts in flight on a sleepless night, we were alive

And you told me you were scared of suicide
On the night that your best friend's brother died

But it's alright, I just hope it's nothing bad
You can call me if you're sad, I don't care what your father said

I was lost in you dancing around in your living room
And you said your mother's in the back on Valium
And she sleeps so hard that you wonder if she's alive

And so I parked my bike outside your house
You said, "There's nothing you can do to make me come out!"
Because your daddy said I was the worst one yet, it was a lie, a lie, a lie, a lie
Because I always loved the way you looked in that (?) light
Just dancing around in some old sweater of mine

But it's alright, I just hope it's nothing bad
Just promise me you won't get mad, I don't care what your father said

This is not a game, it would be a crying shame
Honestly, what's in a name? Tell me, what's in a name, a name, a name...

Oh we were so young, we were so wrong.

We were so wrong.

Before I took in, I tried to think of something I could say
I watched the shadows in the hall
Had to dance with the light and the white on the wall
Your face in these pictures looks like a poem
Your eyes lit up like a river storm
Your body so much like a blanket thrown on a warm bed at night,
Like a house in the storm

Then you walked right through the doorway
You tell me you're here to stay
And the worst is gone and back I'd holler,
Had you been here this way
I surprise myself sometimes
The way the days unfold and this road unwinds
You tell me you see it too
And the miles feel like inches when I think of you
It's been twenty five days that I've been gone
And twenty five weeks since I've seen my home
I spend twenty five months chasing this song
And all of this time I've been alone

You walked right through the doorway
You tell me you're here to stay
And the worst is gone and back I'd holler,
Had you been here this way
And you knew it all along
I wasn't happy all along
And nobody at home had wanted me to just come home

Then you walked right through the doorway
You tell me you're here to stay
The worst is gone and back I'd holler,
Had you been here this way
And I only just learned how to stand like a man
I got twenty five years of running instead
How could I see that girl at my feet
Then you came to me and I was caught in the storm
That I wasn't alone

It was early for a summer
All the people and the noise from the bar
You in your grey dress, your arm on the window
You said, what's the difference, what's the difference?

Just say it to me
Just say it to me
And let's not make it a thing
It will be okay, babe

And that was love, when we were sober
And you're so nervous and all
And the air is getting colder

OK everything, everything, it's everything
Everything, everything, it's everything
Everything, everything, it's everything
Everything, everything, it's everything
Everything, everything, it's everything
Everything, everything, it's everything
Everything, everything, it's everything
Everything

Do you really want to hear that?
Why is everyone staring?
Were you happy?
Were you honest?
Did you ever believe that any of this was real?

We can't just slow down now
This road's not safe for driving out this town
I've wanted just one thing from you

Everything, everything, it's everything
Everything, everything, it's everything
Just say it to me
Everything, everything, it's everything
Everything, everything, it's everything
Just say it to me
Everything, everything, it's everything
Everything, everything, it's everything
I don't care if you mean it
Everything, everything, it's everything
Everything

We can't just slow down now
This road's not safe for driving out this town
I've wanted just one thing from you
And mean it

So you got out of the car
You left your bag in the backseat
And walked inside
And that was love

This city is haunted by the ghost of failure
I am one and you are one
We've spent this whole time on the run
From a lie that I told
That you closed your eyes and you chose to believe

So now you ask me for honesty
Just to take a second, breathe
I'm not good enough for you
You were never good enough to me
No one's ever good enough to be
Or have something so naïve

When I broke my hand on your car
When you told me you were leavin'
And I begged for your forgiveness
My broken fingers bleedin'
My heavy heart repeatin', afraid
Just stay here with me

Then you took your clothes off instead
And you danced around my room
Don't worry, you said,
'Cause the end is coming soon
And we'll meet again someday
And we'll toast these stunning ruins
For the bride I'll never be
And the groom

Now I picture you like snowflakes
Like desperate pouring rain
Like the beating of the drum
In the parade of the insane
You are the whisper in my ear
When I wake and no one's here
There's just the echo of your name

So now you ask me for honesty
I close my eyes, breathe
I'm the one who always is
So ready to leave
To be a distant memory
To be a ship disappearing in the sea

And I crashed upon your rocks
When I heard your voice singing
And I begged for your love
With my busted ears ringing
My hopeful heart repeating
You are more than the promise of the sea

Then you took your clothes off instead
And you danced around my room
Don't worry, you said,
'Cause the end is coming soon
And we'll meet again someday
And we'll toss the cursed ruins
Of the bride I'll never be
And the groom

My heart, my head
My head, my head
This blood, this bed
This bed, this bed

If I can feel the angels falling down around my head
Their bodies spinning endlessly in circles 'round this bed
'Cause it's true love, 'cause it's true love
'Cause it's true love, 'cause it's true love

'Cause it's true love, 'cause it's true love
'Cause it's true love, 'cause it's true love

And you don't know what to do sometimes
and you're just lost there for days
And everyone tells you just calm down
remember what she said

And she's standing by the record store
She's got her whole life in her hands
She says she's crazy man but I'm crazy too
And I'm crazy for what we had

It was true love, it was true love
It was true love, it was true love

It was true love, it was true love
It was true love, it was true love

It was true love

And everyone told me that I was wrong
But I thought that it wasn't true
And everyone told me that I was wrong
But I'm going home with you
'Cause I was there

And I tore myself apart that night
Just wondering where you had gone
With the [?] in the alleyway
And all the angels on your lawn

They're standing here in front of me
You got the whole life in your hands
I know I'm crazy love, but you're crazy too
You're the only thing in my prayers

'Cause it's true love, 'cause it's true love
'Cause it's true love, 'cause it's true love

'Cause it's true love, 'cause it's true love
'Cause it's true love, 'cause it's true love

'Cause it's true love

And everyone told us just go find
A song
But they don't know a god damn thing about us
Or a thing about holding on
'Cause we were wrong

This is London, the place where you're a god or a disgrace
The whole wide world at your feet to see the look upon your face
And you watch the BBC and you think, "Well, what if that was me?"
Such a promising life to waste.

You told me, "Just be brave. Remember all the gifts you gave.
And how you felt like you were saved,
Like you were singing from beyond the grave."
And you said you'd wait for me until the day I could sing on key
"There's just something about your face."

Then you'd call, I could feel your body fall down next to me,
And I wanted us to be fast asleep, closer than anything to me,
Like we were home again...

There was just no way to know what was real and what was show
A future unfolding before my eyes, and a past that I could not let go
And how the feeling is so deep
when you're running down the London streets
Like there's nowhere left to go.

Among the faceless dizzy whores, the unimaginable bores,
Evenings stumbling from the pub, mornings shivering on the floor
Then the careless way you say, "Yeah, we were just glad we got to play."
When you're empty to the core.

Then you'd call, I could feel your body fall down next to me,
And I wanted us to be fast asleep, closer than anything to me,
Like we were home again.
I'm so tired of the rain.

This is London, the place where you get lost without a trace
Among the beautiful remains of this shattered human race
All the words that go unsaid, all the sacrifices of the dead,
"We'll fall quietly into the past or we'll just burn the streets instead"
In the clamoring of the crowd, you think, "I'll just stay quiet, instead."

All the fallen dizzy angels crawling through the street,
The pleas of people weary on their feet,
And you're half a world away from me,
As the clouds drown the light.

I wonder where you are tonight.

And I was alone
On the fifth day since you've gone
This broken glass this early morn
I rub my eyes in the haze
I'm not sleeping anyway
I watch the sun rise up
In the city where I was born

I could call you now
Wouldn't matter what I'd say
Words just aren't enough
I hear our song; press repeat
I smell your perfume on the sheets
You always said, "Boy, you're not so tough"

And only now can I say
"No matter how I shake and shape
It's these things that make you a man"
And frozen mind begins to thaw
You think, "My God, my God, my God
Where was it I began?"

"I wish you were," is what I'd say
If you asked me in the light of day
But these nights are like a dream I can't shake
And there's your hair and there's your head
And there's your empty dress on the bed
I wish I could scream myself awake

But I won't go back to what I was
And I know now that you are lost
It's your choices that make you a man
And frozen mind begins to thaw
You think, "My God, my God, my God
Where was it I began?"

There's a distance in your eyes
That's why a smile is always a surprise
When you call and you talk to me
I wonder which person you're going to be
She said, all your songs are sad songs
Why do you always have to see the worst of it
Could you write me just one love song?
Put my name somewhere in the middle of it
It's not hard to write Elizabeth
Just close your eyes boy and take your best guess
Cause the truth is hard, isn't it?
She said "I'll be listening in my favorite white dress"

All these quite afternoons,
She said, "I wonder if I've given up my love too soon"
As her hair fell from her curls
I said you're pretty uptight for a Mexican Girl
She said, all your songs are sad songs
Why do you always have to make me feel like shit?
Could you write me just one love song?
And put my name somewhere in the middle of it
And if you call the song Elizabeth
All my friends will know it's about me
Cause the truth is hard, isn't it?
Don't take too long, I just know you'll come back to me

I said all these songs are love songs
Just love at times can make you feel like shit
So you write a string of words down
It's better if there's some truth in it
It's true I love you Elizabeth
I love the way you move in that silly white dress
Because the truth is hard to admit
I've never known love
This is just my best guess

